[ADD] payment_providers/worldline (#11070)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/payment_providers/worldline.rst

=========
Worldline
=========

`Worldline <https://worldline.com/>`_, is a France-based company and the world's number 4 payments
leader.

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`payment_providers/add_new`
   - `Worldline's documentation <https://worldline.com/en/home/main-navigation/solutions/merchants/online-payment-gateway>`_.

> 

Author: I don't know, there might be one, but not sure what we should put here instead '^^

> 

Reviewer: @AntoineVDV any ideas here?

> 

Reviewer 2: I don't see the point in including this link; users who read the current documentation will already have a Worldline account.

Settings in Worldline
=====================

Create an API user
------------------

Log into your Worldline Merchant Portal and from the menu, go to the :guilabel:`Back Office`. From
there, head to the :guilabel:`Configuration` tab.

You need to create an **API user** to be used in the creation of transactions from Odoo. While you
can use your main account to do so, using an **API user** ensures that if the credentials used in
Odoo are leaked, no access to your Worldline configuration is possible. Additionally, passwords for
**API users** do not need to be updated regularly, unlike normal users.

To create an **API user**, go to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Users` and click on

> :guilabel:`New User`. The following fields must be configured:

Author: I used your suggestion with a general link =]

> .. _worldline/worldline:

Reviewer: I would change the name of this anchor to something more specific, e.g.,:
```suggestion
.. _worldline/API-user:
```

- :guilabel:`UserID`: you can choose anything you want.
- :guilabel:`User's Name, E-mail and Timezone`: you can enter the information you want.
- :guilabel:`Profile`: should be set to :guilabel:`Admin`.
- :guilabel:`Special user for API`: should be checked.

.. tip::
   If you already have an user set up, make sure it is activated without any error.

> 

Reviewer: I would add an anchor here so we can use it in the Odoo section

Set up Worldline for Odoo
-------------------------

Worldline must now be configured to accept payments from Odoo.

From your merchant portal, head to :menuselection:`Developer --> Payment API`, click on
:guilabel:`Add API key`

Write down your :guilabel:`API key ID` and the associated :guilabel:`Secret API key`, you'll need
these to set up your provider.

> When done, head to :menuselection:`Developer --> Webhooks` and :guilabel:`generate webhooks keys`.
> 
> Write down your :guilabel:`Webhook key` and the associated :guilabel:`Webhook secret`, you'll need
> these to set up your provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to :menuselection:`Developer --> Webhooks` and click on :guilabel:`Generate webhook keys`. Copy the :guilabel:`Webhook ID` and the associated :guilabel:`Secret webhook key` and save them for later.
```

> On the same page, you can now :guilabel:`Add webhook endpoint`.
> 
> There, you can enter the **URL**, it should contain the same following URL, with `<example>`
> replaced by your database: `https://<example>/payment/worldline/webhook`.

Reviewer: Is this absolutely necessary? If so I would rephrase to make that clear (to me "you can" could be interpreted as "it's optional"):
```suggestion
#. Click :guilabel:`Add webhook endpoint`, enter your Odoo database's URL followed by `/payment/worldline/webhook` in the :guilabel:`Endpoint url` field, and :guilabel:`Confirm`. For example: `https://example.odoo.com/payment/worldline/webhook`.

```

Settings in Odoo
================

> To set up Worldline in Odoo, head to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Payment
> Providers` and open the Worldline provider. In the :guilabel:`Credentials` tab, enter the **PSPID**
> of your Worldline account, and fill out the other fields as configured in your :ref:`Worldline
> portal <worldline/worldline>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Worldline in Odoo:
#. :ref:`Navigate to the payment provider Worldline <payment_providers/add_new>` and change its state to :guilabel:`Enabled`. 
#. In the :guilabel:`Credentials` tab, enter the :guilabel:`PSPID` of your Worldline account and fill in the :guilabel:`API Key`, :guilabel:`API Secret`, :guilabel:`Webhook Key`, and :guilabel:`Webhook Secret` with the values you saved at the step :ref:`Set up Worldline for Odoo <add the new anchor here>`. 
#. Configure the rest of the options to your liking.
```

=========
Worldline
=========

> `Worldline <https://worldline.com/>`_, is a France-based company and the world's number 4 payments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Worldline <https://worldline.com/>`_, is a France-based company and the world's number four payments
```

leader.

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`payment_providers/add_new`
   - `Worldline's documentation <https://worldline.com/en/home/main-navigation/solutions/merchants/online-payment-gateway>`_.

Settings in Worldline
=====================

.. _worldline/API-user:

Create an API user
------------------

Log into your Worldline Merchant Portal and from the menu, go to the :guilabel:`Back Office`. From
there, head to the :guilabel:`Configuration` tab.

It is recommended to set  up an **API user** to create transactions from Odoo to ensure that your
Worldline configuration remains safe even if credentials are compromised. Additionally, API users do
not require frequent password updates like regular accounts.

To create an **API user**,

#. Log into your `Worldline Merchant Portal <https://merchant-portal.preprod.worldline-solutions.com/dashboard>`_,
   click the :icon:`fa-th` (:guilabel:`menu`) icon and select :guilabel:`Back Office`.
#. Go to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Users` and click on :guilabel:`New User`.
#. Configure the following fields:

>    - Specify a :guilabel:`UserID, `User's name, E-mail address`, and :guilabel:`Timezone` of your

Reviewer 2: Missing guilabels.

     choice.
   - Set the :guilabel:`Profile` field to :guilabel:`Admin`.

>    - Enable :guilabel:`Special user for API`.

Reviewer 2: Make it a numbered list too.
